{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg949\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset129 AppleSDGothicNeo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue233;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa321

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Imboard\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf0 Imboard is a \'a0Node.js- based platform that is easy and quick to develop a webpage.\'a0\
You can more easily develop a webpage and \'a0can open a webpage in a few minutes by applying already developed frame.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298

\b\fs36 \cf0 Download\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf0 Imboard is provided by .zip , .tar and .gz file formats. Currently version is\'a00.1.8.\
Development version is provided from\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/tonite31/Imboard/tree/development"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 https://github.com/tonite31/Imboard/tree/development}}\
If you can use npm, you can easily install Imboard by typing \'93npm install imboard\'93 at the command-line interface(CLI).\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://resources.imboard.io/imboard/imboard.zip"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 imboard.zip\ulnone \uc0\u8232 \ul Download}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://resources.imboard.io/imboard/imboard.tar.gz"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 imboard.tar.gz\ulnone \uc0\u8232 \ul Download}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298

\b\fs36 \cf0 Install\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\fs28 \cf0 Advance preparation\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs24 \cf0 1. Web server\
You need a hosting server or private server for installing Imboard.\
2.\'a0Node.js& MySQL\
Imboard use the Node.js and MySQL database. Please Install recent version\'a0N{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://nodejs.org/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 ode.js}}\'a0and\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://dev.mysql.com/downloads/mysql/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 MySQL}}.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\b\fs28 \cf0 Download and Install.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs24 \cf0 1. Download Imboard\
Download Imboard from Imboard website or install Imboard by typing \'93npm install imboard\'93 at the command-line interface(CLI).\
2. Install nodejs module dependencies\
Command\'a0npm install\'a0on CLI.\
3. Create database and user on MySQL\
Create database and user after connect to installed MySQL.\
4. Configuration\
Command\'a0node config.js\'a0on CLI. Select a number 4 and then Enter the host, username, password, database name.\
5. Insert initial data\
Command\'a0node install.js\'a0on CLI. An initial data is set by the configured database at the step 4.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298

\b\fs36 \cf0 Run application\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs24 \cf0 1. Set frame\
Command\'a0node config.js\'a0on CLI. Select a number 1 and then\'a0Enter a frame name.\
The frame name is a directory name in\'a0the\'a0/content/frame/\'a0directory. A default value is blog.\
2. Set server information\
Select a number 2 and then Enter a port and host.\
The host is a web url for connecting to application. ex)port=3000, host=http://localhost:3000\
Quit a configuration by enter a letter "q"\
3. Run application\
Command\'a0node app.js\'a0on CLI\
4. Connect to web page\
\
\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0 Open your web browser and then Access to http://localhost:3000/.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs30 \cf0 5. Connect to admin page\
Open your web browser and then Access to\uc0\u160 http://localhost:3000/settings. If you login with administrator account, you can access to admin page. An initial admin account is admin/admin.\
}